Clearance. this is November 207.
Ready to copy IFR to
Washington Dulles.
[ATC] USM 207.
Clearance Delivery.
Clear to Washington
Dulles. Fly runway heading.
[restraints clicking]
[airplane engine roaring]
[sighs]
[muttering]
[cracks]
Holy shit. What was that?
[inmates screaming]
Help! Help!
[pilot] November 207 engine fire.
Requesting immediate vectors for landing.
[screaming continues]
-[inmate] Get me out of here!
-[screaming]
[screams]
-[camper] Hey. bud.
-[child] Hey.
-[camper] What's up? Can't sleep?
-[child] Yeah.
We didn't get to see it.
[chuckles] Well. you know. the
northern lights don't go away.
Gives you and me a reason
to come back next year.
Yeah.
Dad.
[airplane approaching]
Run. Run. run!
["Unchained Melody" playing]
♪ Woah. my love ♪
♪ My darling ♪
[pilot] We're losing
pressure. We gotta get down.
♪ A long ♪
-♪ Lonely time ♪
-Pressure equalizing. Air speed stable.
-♪ And time goes by ♪
-[inmates screaming]
♪ So slowly ♪
-♪ And time can do so much ♪
-[grunts]
-♪ Are you still mine? ♪
-[grunting]
[laughs]
-♪ I need your love ♪
-[marshals grunting]
♪ God speed your love ♪
♪ To ♪
-♪ Me ♪
-[pilot speaks indistinctly]
-♪ Lonely rivers sigh ♪
-[gasps. screams]
[grunts]
♪ "Wait for me. wait for me" ♪
-[screams]
-♪ I'll be coming home ♪
♪ Wait ♪
-♪ For me ♪
-[all screaming]
♪ My love. my darling ♪
♪ I've hungered for your touch ♪
♪ Are you still mine? ♪
♪ I need ♪
[chuckles]
♪ Your love ♪
-♪ I need your love ♪
-[pilot screaming]
♪ God speed your love ♪
♪ To ♪
[pilot] Two thousand feet.
Heading down. Brace for impact.
♪ Me ♪
[music ends]
[inmates screaming]
["Blue Skies" playing]
♪ Blue skies smilin' at me ♪
-♪ Nothin' but blue skies do I see ♪
-[panting]
♪ Blue birds singin' a song ♪
-Morning. Bob.
-Morning. Frank.
-♪ Nothin' but blue skies from now on ♪
-[neighbor] Keep on going.
♪ I never saw the sun
shinin' so bright ♪
♪ Never saw things
goin' so right ♪
♪ Noticing the
days hurrying by ♪
♪ When you're in love
My how they fly by ♪
-♪ Blue days. all of them gone ♪
-[phone chimes]
♪ Nothin' but blue
skies from now on ♪
[chuckles] Holy fuck.
[plates clinking]
[Frank] Hey. honey.
What do you say. you and I grab
lunch at the Chowder House today?
Ugh. I wish. I'm
working a double.
Oh. and I found your long johns.
Okay. well. I could
bring lunch to you.
They were in the wash that I
asked you to dry last night.
Hey. Luke. come on. You're late.
-Can we make curfew 12:30 tonight?
-[sighs]
-You know nothing good happens...
-Happens after midnight.
I know. but it's homecoming game. and
everyone's going to Devon's after.
-I don't wanna be the only one not going.
-He's got a point.
It's okay if it's okay with your dad.
But not a minute later. all right?
Go. come on. You're late.
-[sighs]
-So. that's a big N-O for lunch?
[laughs. blows raspberry] What
is it with you and lunch already?
And why are you smiling like
that? Are you having a stroke?
[chuckles]
We got the cabin.
They accepted our offer.
[spouse] Oh. my
gosh. Oh. my God.
[stammers] When did he call?
He didn't. He texted
me this morning.
And we're really doing this?
I mean. come on. I
think it's meant to be.
How exactly are we paying
-for all of this?
-Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
-[exhales deeply]
-I'll sell my truck.
-My right arm. My left nut.
-[clicks tongue]
[laughs] Come on.
That's what Tom wants to
talk about over lunch.
Okay. And. um. work?
-What about work?
-Well. this will be a huge distraction.
Mm-hmm. the town's been as quiet as
a smile since before I can remember.
I can't do this forever.
I'm getting old.
Need to start thinking
about the future.
Marshals are your family.
And they'll continue to be.
It's not gonna happen
overnight. but...
I mean. the timing feels right.
-[sighs]
-[Frank] Luke's doing better.
He hasn't had a
nightmare for months.
You and I are on
solid ground. so...
-[spouse] Yeah.
-It's your turn.
You mean that?
You've been yabbering on about
owning a bed-and-breakfast
since we were teenagers.
-[chuckles]
-I mean. come on.
Do I mean that?
It's what you want. It's what
we want. It's what I want.
[breathes deeply] Yes.
-Yeah. Yeah.
-Did I do good?
-You did good. Yeah.
["I've Got a Thing
About You Baby" playing]
[song continues on radio]
All right. [sighs]
Got your favorite. big guy.
Nutty Long John with frosting.
None of that custard nonsense.
-Someone's in a good mood.
-[Frank] Morning. Jane.
How's the back?
Not any better. but
thanks for reminding me.
You only brought doughnuts because
you know I'm still juicing.
Annie's not gonna know. Come on.
[Annie] Annie knows everything.
-Got a chocolate one in there for me?
-[Frank] Yeah.
[chuckles] What are
you guys doing here?
Well. Nora and I learned
how to play hopscotch.
so. she painted me a special
rock to practice with.
-[Annie] Ooh.
-[Frank] She did not.
And Mommy was bouncing off the
walls. about to lose her mind.
so we decided to get a coffee
and drop off Daddy's
special rock at work. huh?
[whistles] This is so
cool. Did you paint this?
My daddy loves hopscotch.
Yeah. you know what
else Daddy loves?
Doughnuts.
-[Annie] Mm-mmm. No.
-Yes. he does. He loves them.
Daddy doesn't want a doughnut. no.
Because if Daddy loses two more pounds.
Mommy's got a surprise waiting
for him in the bedroom.
Say. "Bye. Daddy."
Bye. Daddy. Love you.
-Bye.
-[phone rings]
[Frank] Bye. girls.
-[Jane] Hello? Hey. Tom.
-[sighs] Give me my rock.
-Yep.
-Here you go. Put it away.
[Jane] Frank.
Morning. Frank.
-[Frank] Morning. Hutch.
-[Jane] Where?
[Hutch] Did you bring your
wallet with those doughnuts?
-Why?
-You owe me 20 bucks.
-Oh. shit. She didn't show up for court?
-Nope.
Frank. that was the fire chief.
He says there's smoke up north.
but they can't get a visual.
He was hoping you can take
the chopper and get eyes.
Let's check it out.
[helicopter whirring]
Hopscotch? Really?
Saw it on Sesame Street.
You know. Donnie. even if
you don't lose two pounds.
you'll always be
my Snuffleupagus.
Holy shit.
-Is that...
-Hey. Fred.
Put us down close to this.
-We got a live one!
-Ambush.
Huh?
-Huh?
-Ambush.
Do not back that chopper!
-Come on. get him up! Get him up!
-[Donnie] Come on!
Let's go! Go!
-[shrieks]
-[Donnie shouts]
-[inmates exclaim]
-[Donnie grunts]
[inmate grunts]
[groans]
[both grunting]
[Donnie screams. grunting]
[inmate groans]
-Don't fucking move!
-[screams]
[clamoring]
Just shoot him!
[inmate] Drop that shit!
[Donnie groaning]
Come on. Hutch. Let's get
him back to the chopper.
-Come on. Donnie.
-Let's go.
[grunts]
-[Hutch] Come on. Get up. Donnie.
-[Frank] Come on.
[Hutch] Donnie. get up!
Come on. get him up!
[Frank] Back up!
-Come on. get up.
-[all clamoring]
Back up!
Back up. Back up.
[inmate shrieks]
[Frank grunts]
[groaning]
[strains]
[groans]
-[shrieks]
-I can't see! [groans]
[groans]
[shouts]
Get the fuck up. Come on.
Back to the chopper! Let's go!
Let's go! Get to the
chopper. Come on.
-Let's go. let's go! Let's go.
-Come on. Come on!
[grunts]
Get in the chopper! Get
in the fucking chopper.
Let's go. Fred. let's just go.
-Let's go! Let's go!
-[panting]
Come on. Don. you okay?
Lets go! Let's go now.
-[screams. grunts]
-[gun fires]
Let's go! Come on.
[grunts]
[screams. grunts]
[whispers] Atwater's down.
-[agent] When did this happen?
-[Griffin] Under an hour ago.
-ACARS? Datalinks?
-All unresponsive.
Good. Find out
what the NRO knows.
I'll have Nouri put a team in
place once we get a body count...
I don't think you understand.
The operation is still active.
You said the plane was down.
Communications didn't
break until after impact.
We have reason to believe
there are survivors.
-Shit. So we're exposed.
-The FAA's still in the dark.
You need to bring in Scofield.
Okay. that's a terrible idea.
We are outside the law here.
Scofield has insight. Access.
Hell. she created Havlock.
As far as I'm concerned.
this is her mess.
So you find whatever bed or bottle
she's in and bring her here.
["I Haven't Got Time
to Cry" playing]
♪ You left ♪
-♪ You're gone ♪
-[bottle opens]
♪ But I know I know I'll go on ♪
♪ 'Cause I haven't ♪
♪ No. no. I haven't ♪
♪ I haven't got time to cry ♪
-[partygoers chattering]
-♪ A year ago ♪
♪ I'd have died ♪
Aunt Sidney. you came!
-[chuckles]
-Of course I came.
Do you really think I'd miss the
biggest birthday party of the year?
-Where's the cake?
-Tye split his lip on the stairs.
-You gotta come see.
-No way!
[parent] You're
giving her a fish?
Good to see you too. sis.
Zoe and her dad
volunteer for PETA.
Why would you bring her an exotic
fish that was stolen from the wild?
It's just a fish.
[Zoe] Three. four. five. Go!
What's going on with the case?
You know I can't
talk about work.
Nathan says they're gonna refer
you to the inspector general.
Who told him that?
He said that if you're charged.
you could go to prison for treason.
[Zoe] One. two. three.
four. five. Looks like...
[agent] Agent Scofield?
Maybe.
Ma'am. you need to come with us.
It's about the Atwater Protocol.
[agent] Your father
was a good man. Sid.
We miss him too.
Why am I here?
We grabbed his ass outside Khabarovsk.
20K's north of the Chinese border.
State kept things under wraps
while our teams mobilized.
We flew him to a base in Alaska.
then moved him to a covert transport.
That's when things went tits up.
The mission was
run as a black op.
The Division determined a JPATS
transport provided optimal cover.
Neither the marshals nor the
pilots had mission details.
You rerouted a prison transport
through Alaska to pick up Havlock?
[Griffin] It was Level Four.
Even the Chief Master Sergeant
at Eielson's still in the dark.
The problem is the plane
lost radar contact at 0700.
Satellite images indicate
there are survivors.
which means Havlock is in play.
Sounds like you have a problem.
It's our problem. Sidney.
No. Wrong. You pushed me out.
Well. now I need you back.
[echoing] Come on!
[troopers clamoring]
[Frank] Come on.
come on. come on.
Everyone. circle up.
We have a downed plane
two miles south from here.
It is a transport.
Twin jets. so it's probably big enough
to seat about a hundred detainees.
-What do you mean "detainees"?
-It's a JPATS plane.
Justice Prisoner
Alien Transportation.
It was used to move inmates around
the country to court dates. trials...
[trooper] We got
convicts down there?
[Frank] A lot worse than that.
These are federal inmates.
Foreign. domestic. male. female.
armed. violent and dangerous.
So assume for some. this is gonna
be their one shot at freedom.
Now with every minute that
passes. our problems multiply.
The first thing I wanna do
is lock down the valley.
Close the Steese
in both directions.
We need a command post.
You know. somewhere with water.
power. enough room for air transport.
-The Yukon River Camp on highway 11.
-No. too far. What else?
How about the old Empire
Cement factory? Mile off six.
-[Frank] Let's make that happen. Okay.
-[trooper] Okay.
And someone call the hospital.
Tell them to initiate
emergency protocol.
Okay. tell 'em...
tell 'em they got a tidal wave
of trouble coming their way.
[phone ringing]
[no audible dialogue]
[nurse] Guess lunch
with Frank has to wait.
Why. what's going on?
There was an accident.
Some kind of prison transport.
Dr. Lin says we're
rolling triage.
Talking about locking
down the third floor.
Frank. are you all right? What's going
on? They said there was an accident.
A JPATS went down.
Donnie's been hurt. We're
waiting on the medevac now.
-What do you mean hurt?
-Hang on.
-I got the manifest from your office.
-[Frank grunts]
I need photos. Come
on. I need photos.
Have HQ send us dossiers with
next of kin. criminal records.
I got to identify the dead.
-Right.
-[Frank] I need photos.
-Frank. talk to me. What happened?
-[Frank] Donnie's been stabbed.
So somebody needs to let Annie know.
He's gonna be headed your way soon.
[sighs] Okay. And what about
you? Are you all right?
Is Luke in any danger?
Luke's safe. He's
at school. I'm fine.
Just wish I had
my long johns on.
Look. honey. I'm gonna have to
go. I'll call you when I can.
-Frank?
-Yeah.
Be careful. all right? And stay
safe until the cavalry gets there.
Honey. we are the cavalry.
[agent] The Supervisory Deputy
in Alaska is Frank Remnick.
Tell him as little as possible.
but don't shut him off.
We have no jurisdiction there.
This cowpoke is the gatekeeper.
What's our angle?
The guy's Captain of Bumfuck.
Alaska. born and bred.
He did six years in Chicago
in a fugitive task force.
but he couldn't
stomach the city.
He got reassigned
back to the icebox.
and since then. he has fired a
service weapon twice in five years.
Not a death on his watch.
He's never faced
anything like this.
[Sidney] So he's
gonna doubt himself.
Exploit their vulnerability.
Make him understand
that he needs your help.
Best friends. got it.
Who's my babysitter
at the Bureau?
Couple agents out of
Anchorage. Bolton and Shaw.
They've been briefed.
-They'll wait for you on the ground.
-He's on the line.
Remember. we need him.
If the marshals box us out. this thing
turns into a big-shit black hole.
Mr. Remnick. Sidney Scofield.
I believe the Anchorage field office
told you that I would be reaching out.
They did. They just weren't
real clear on who you work for.
Understandable. It's complex.
I work for a
multiagency task force.
Is that code for clandestine?
I'm working on getting you
the unclassified version
of what's unfolding. I...
The marshals run the
JPATS. not the CIA.
I can't discuss that on an unsecured
line. but what I can tell you is.
I'm headed your way to
brief you on the situation
and to provide you
with resources.
Until then. I need you to do whatever
it takes to secure the perimeter.
-Can you do that?
-[chuckles]
Miss Scofield. this is Alaska.
There is no perimeter.
[phone beeps]
[people chattering]
-Boo! [laughs]
-Hey!
Hey.
Hey. you bring your coat?
It's in my locker.
What are we doing?
We're ditching the pep rally.
Why?
It's a surprise. okay? Come on.
[PA system beeping]
Good morning. Huskies.
Principal Kenagy here with
an important announcement.
I've been told that the police
are responding to a disturbance
in the surrounding area.
and Officer Marks with
the Alaska State Troopers
is here to address
the situation.
Thank you. Principal Kenagy.
So as stated. we are working to contain
a situation up on the Yukon Flats.
Now. you are safe here. but
out of an abundance of caution.
we are placing the school
in a soft lockdown.
And sadly that also means
tonight's game against North Star
and tomorrow night's homecoming
dance will have to be rescheduled.
Go Huskies.
[Frank] Marshal Granger.
I owe you my life.
Frank Remnick. Supervisory
Deputy. How you feelin'?
You find the others?
You can't leave them.
-Three marshals are dead.
-[sighs]
-Plus one of the pilots.
-[groans]
-Eighteen others are MIA.
-[sighs]
All right. so you
think they're dead?
It's 15 degrees. so
it doesn't look good.
-Oh.
-Val. can you give us a moment?
Thank you.
Listen. you're on a
medevac to Fairbanks.
[Granger] Right.
But before you go. I need to
know what happened up there.
An inmate got loose and
sabotaged the plane.
[Frank] Which one?
I don't know. We diverted.
Made an unscheduled pickup.
Diverted where?
-I think it was an air base...
-An air base. Where?
-Middle of nowhere.
-How far from the west coast?
-I don't know.
-Okay. It's okay.
Just tell me what
you physically saw.
Uh. he was hooded.
Restrained.
They called him "Havlock."
They said he was
high-priority and off-book.
And you still loaded him?
No.
Not with the others.
We put him in the back.
-On whose authority did you...
-We strapped him in. which we never do.
It's against protocol
to secure an inmate.
But this guy. it's like he knew.
He knew what?
That we were never
gonna stop him.
This guy. he was smarter
than anyone else.
He just felt that he knew the
moment his feet hit the ground.
-he was gonna be a free man.
-[helicopter whirring]
-[Hutch] Frank. Medevac's here.
-All right. just give me a moment.
Just so I'm clear.
you're telling me your JPATS
made an unscheduled stop.
picked up a con who
wasn't on the manifest.
who wasn't on our authority.
-and nobody asked any questions?
-Yeah. Yeah.
Frank. they gotta go.
[Granger grunts]
I'm telling you.
This guy brought down the plane.
What the hell was that about?
I don't know.
Get someone to go with
him and get a statement.
How's Donnie?
Hey.
I heard you stabilized
the bleeding.
Got lucky today.
[breathing heavily] I hear
we both did. Congrats.
The cabin.
Tom told me last night at poker.
I'm happy for you and Sarah.
You pulled off what
every marshal dreams of.
What's that. Don?
Surviving?
Going home to your
wife in the end?
Careful out there. [sniffles]
You're almost home.
[Hutch] All right. Listen up. The
crews coming in from out of town.
I wanna welcome you to the
territory of Lower Tanana people.
also known as the Fairbanks
North Star Borough.
Treat our community with respect.
you'll get it in like kind.
Now. Marshal Remnick and I have prepared
this briefing. but understand this.
we are piecing together
information in real time.
Mug shots and jackets are
still filtering in from BOP.
so once we get them.
you'll get them.
What we do know is that there were
52 inmates on board this flight.
23 are dead. 11 are captured.
which means 18 inmates are
still missing or on the move.
All right. more intel is
coming in by the minute.
So let's get on social.
let's share information but
let's do it quick. people. okay.
We're losing eight
minutes of light a day.
If we don't find them now. we are
gonna be doing it in the dark.
All right. thank you.
Mr. Remnick?
Yeah.
We spoke on the phone.
Sidney Scofield.
Frank.
Mr. Remnick's my dad.
Right. Frank.
So. what can you tell
us about this situation?
We'll know more once we locate the
black box. but the short version is.
the aircraft was rerouted as part of a
covert op involving a non-state actor.
That's all you can tell me?
My team's drafting a brief which
you should have within the hour.
Right now. DOJ is pressing for
an audit of all passengers.
dead. detained. and
those still missing.
Right. and we can
do that. but see.
I guess what I don't understand is
why was the CIA using a JPATS plane?
-Classified. but it'll be in the brief.
-Doesn't make sense.
All transports run
through the marshals
and yet we weren't notified
about any kind of operation.
-I know you have a lot of questions...
-Yeah.
...and I'm gonna try
to answer all of them.
but right now we are juggling
multiple agencies. so it's messy.
Is this everyone
you've recovered?
So far.
Debris field goes back
a mile. maybe more.
[Shaw scoffs] Some
hell of a hat.
[spits]
[inhales] You're a pilot. Frank.
You've seen the debris field.
This an accident or this
smell like bullshit to you?
[Frank] This is bullshit.
I mean. this far north.
where they headed?
This one was strangled.
Petechiae. Hyoid was snapped.
I'm gonna need to speak to
those inmates in custody.
Yeah. you thinking
Havlock did this?
What was that?
That's who you're looking
for. right? Havlock?
Where'd you hear that name?
There was a marshal
who survived the crash.
Havlock the one you
picked up at the air base?
I need to see that marshal.
They wouldn't have rerouted the
flight. They don't have the authority.
-Any mission details will be...
-In the briefing. You already said that.
Look. I'm asking some basic questions.
and you're giving me a word salad.
Let's talk at base camp.
Let's talk about my friend
who nearly died this morning.
going into hospital right now.
Got a wife and a little kid.
Please understand that I can't legally
talk about mission details without...
You don't got to give
me an okey doke. okay?
I can see what's going on.
I'm looking for 18 prisoners.
and the CIA is looking for one.
You know. there's plenty going
on here that I don't understand.
but I'll tell you one thing
I do know. I know this place.
And it is unforgiving.
And hell. if the elements or
the wildlife don't get you.
18 hours of darkness
surely will.
People up here are different.
Many don't have phones.
Most of them have guns.
And I took an oath
to protect them.
I take that oath seriously.
I wanna be clear
about one thing.
If you put this secret of yours
before the lives and the safety
of the people in this community.
you and I are gonna
have a problem.
-Mr. Remnick...
-That's my father.
Right. Frank.
Cards on the table. Frank.
I don't wanna be here.
and I'm not in the mood to
protect the people who sent me.
So. tell me. what is
it that you wanna know?
Let's start with Havlock.
Three years ago.
rumors began to swirl about a mole
in the deepest corners of the CIA.
An ideological defector
selling secrets.
not for profit.
but as part of a campaign to destabilize
and destroy the American government.
His intel was so timely.
so damaging that the DOJ launched a
multiagency task force to find him
but the truth is this turncoat
isn't a threat at all.
He's a bogeyman
created by the CIA
as part of a covert op
dubbed the Atwater Protocol.
The agency created a handful of
these defectors who leaked intel
in order to draw out enemies
so they could be terminated.
One was Levi Taylor Hartman.
Code name. Havlock.
I was tasked with
weaponizing the alpha geek
and bringing the
program back to life.
I trained Havlock in weapons.
language and flat-out butchery.
For the last two years.
Havlock used intel as bait
to lure out and dispatch targets
in Europe and the Far East.
It was perfect until last month
when the myth became real.
Havlock vanished.
Classified intel
vanished with him.
For some reason. our good guy
flipped and made the story real.
[dogs barking]
[Sidney] Two days ago. he was captured
along the Sino-Russian border.
The CIA was bringing him home
when he fell from the sky
and landed in your backyard.
[dogs barking]
But I guarantee you.
whatever Havlock is planning.
making a jailbreak at 30.000
feet is only the beginning.
[Havlock] You looking
for this. crinky?
[Frank] Here you go. [sighs]
You know. I've been thinking about
your guy Havlock and that plane.
How did he do it? You
think he had help?
What kinda help?
-Well...
-What is this?
That's a potato Spam chowder.
Sort of a northern delicacy.
Wow. Yummy.
[Frank] Mmm.
Of course. my grandma's
was the best. [sighs]
Though she did steal Ramy Blackjack's
recipe from the church cookbook.
[chuckles] Come on.
You're gonna need it.
I try to avoid meats
I can't identify.
Do you have a salad?
We don't do salad.
And Spam is pork.
I mean. come on. I
mean. think about it.
Somebody had to help him get
those explosives on board.
-There's no other way.
-[phone buzzing]
Excuse me. I gotta take this.
Yep?
[sighs]
-[Sarah] I'll be right back.
-[Granger] All right. thank you.
[Frank] Is Donnie okay?
They found internal bleeding. He's in
emergency surgery. I'm headed there now.
Oh. Jesus. [sighs]
Hey. have you heard from Luke?
He's not answering his cell.
No. Luke's fine. He's safe.
He's in lockdown at school.
Look. you take care of Donnie.
-I'll take care of Luke.
-Okay.
[sighs]
-[sighs]
-[line ringing]
Hi. Jane. Look. it's me.
Uh. listen. I need a favor.
When they evacuate the school. can you
pick up Luke and keep him with you?
-[Jane] Consider it done.
-Great. [sighs]
How's Donnie?
Donnie's not good. He's
going into surgery.
Look. I-I'll keep
you posted. okay?
Bye.
[Granger] Sarah your wife?
Yeah. she is.
How are you doing?
I'd be better if I
could see. [chuckles]
Yeah.
I'm in good hands.
You are.
Can I ask. the other
marshals. you find them?
They okay?
[Annie sobbing] No! No.
[sobbing continues]
No.
[Sarah] I'm so sorry.
How could you let
this happen. Frank?
Gone! He's gone!
He's gone!
He's gone. He's gone.
I'm scared.
Scared for us.
For Luke.
No. Luke's fine.
I spoke to Jane. She's gonna
pick him up from school.
That's not what I
mean and you know it.
I put us back together
once. I can't...
I can't do that again.
I took an oath.
You also made a promise to me.
to your son.
I mean. look at Luke.
He's off his meds.
He's himself again.
And you. Christ. look at you.
You can... you can
walk. you can talk.
I mean. have you forgotten
what you went through?
Not for one second.
This will consume you.
I can see it.
I'm seeing it already.
But it doesn't have to
be your fight. babe.
You've given 18 years
to the marshals.
Your family. we...
we need you.
Yeah. [sniffles]
Um...
Uh. I. uh...
I went home at lunch and I put
your long johns in the dryer.
What would I do without you?
You would probably
freeze to death.
Definitely.
Either that or starve.
[phone buzzing]
-Yeah?
-[Hutch] We got something.
Okay. I'm on my way.
Gotta go.
[Hutch] DOT called.
Weather Service out of Anchorage
is reporting an open signal
from one of its observers.
[Sidney] Could be an SOS.
[Frank] But where's
it broadcasting from?
[Hutch] They said the
tower south of Venetie.
Six observers have a contract
with Weather Service.
We talked to five of them. The only
one that we haven't reached is...
[Hutch. Frank] Zeb Webber.
Who's Zeb Webber?
I mean. Hutch. that's gotta be
20 miles from the crash site.
I mean. come on. could a guy
get that far that fast on foot?
My guy could. Who's Zeb Webber?
[Frank] He's an old dog driver.
He's a hermit even
by Alaskan standards.
He lives on his family's
homestead. runs the sled teams.
[Sidney] You're telling me
there's an outpost with a radio
and sled dogs 20 miles
from the crash site?
That's my guy.
[clattering]
[dogs barking]
[barking continues]
What did you do?
-[grunts]
[sighs]
[engine switches off]
We're fine.
We're not fine. We're stuck.
-[sighs]
-Does your phone work?
Mm-mmm.
-We're gonna have to walk.
-[sighs]
This is so cool.
Is this the cabin
your parents bought?
Still no cell signal.
What about the landline?
Disconnected.
This cabin's been
for sale since June.
My dad's gonna lose his shit.
[Kira] You planned this for us?
[Luke] Yeah. This
is the surprise.
[Frank] We hike in from here. The
cabin's a half a mile over that ridge.
[groans] What the hell?
This thing's sticking.
-What?
-Gun. it's sticking.
[Frank] You didn't leave
it inside. did you?
-No.
-Condensation freezes.
[Bolton] Yeah. I know.
[Frank] It's that or you're
using a mineral-based lubricant.
Either way. I don't
got a spare. so...
[sighs] Give him your weapon.
Right. Funny. Good luck.
He's a federal agent assisting
US marshals on a raid.
You're CIA with no legal
jurisdiction to be here.
-Give him your weapon.
-Or what? You gonna arrest me?
Fine.
But I'm not staying back.
I'm sure you can
handle yourself.
You all right. Zeb? Where is he?
[grunting]
[glass shatters]
[Frank] Hutch!
[panting]
Go. go. go. go.
-Shaw.
-[panting] I'm good.
[dogs barking]
[Frank] Don't fucking move!
-Back it up.
-[Frank] Don't move!
-Put the weapon down!
-I'll shoot him. I swear to God.
[Frank] Okay. keep it calm!
-Put the weapon down!
-I'm not going back.
Nice and easy.
-You need to shoot him. Frank.
-Tell her to shut the fuck up.
Okay. you can see
you're surrounded.
My only job is to
bring you in safely.
To do that. I need you
to put that weapon down.
[Sidney] He'll
kill your hostage!
Pull the fucking trigger!
[Frank] I can protect you.
Okay? You're
important. I know that.
That's why she's here.
Put the gun down.
Let's just you and I talk.
[growling]
[grunting]
[Havlock screaming] Get it off!
[Frank] Zeb. call the dog off.
Zeb. call it off.
Zeb. call your fucking dog off!
Call it off.
[whistles]
[dogs barking]
[Sidney grunts]
[breathing heavily]
It's not Havlock.
[groaning]
You said you pulled three
more bodies from the wreckage?
Over there.
[marshals chattering]
Agent Bolton's clinging to life.
but our inmate didn't make it.
You want money for flowers?
This is not a joke. okay.
I get paid to bring these men in
alive. I got a federal inmate dead
because of you.
Can I see your
files on the crew?
[Frank] Hey. Did you hear me?
Yeah.
This inmate. we saw him
before. Petechiae...
-suggests strangulation.
-So?
But there's no
bruising on his wrists.
If he was cuffed and he fought
back. there would be marks.
They ganged up on him. These
prisoners were gutting each other.
Yeah. except this guy
wasn't a prisoner.
What?
[Frank] Granger? No.
No. I talked to Granger.
He told me about the crash.
Marshal Granger.
Frank Remnick.
I need to know what
happened up there.
An inmate got loose and
sabotaged the plane.
Which one?
Uh. he was hooded.
Restrained.
They called him "Havlock."
They said he was
high-priority and off-book.
This guy was smarter
than anyone else.
He just felt that he knew the moment his
feet hit the ground. he'd be a free man.
Thank you.
-Pushing pills is my job.
-No. I don't mean that.
You and Frank have done
more for me than you know.
Well. you won't be so grateful
once Dr. Wright starts
poking on that leg of yours.
[phone ringing]
-[Sarah] Frank?
-Hey. Sarah. Thank God. Listen to me.
Listen to me. The
guard we brought in.
-Yeah?
-Okay. Granger.
-What about him?
-Granger. Okay.
He's not a guard. He's
a prisoner. A prisoner.
Get out of the building and notify
the nearest police officer. okay?
[fading out] I'm on my way.
Sarah?
["Avalanche" playing]
♪ I stepped into an avalanche ♪
♪ It covered up my soul ♪
♪ When I am not this
hunchback That you see ♪
[no audible dialogue]
♪ I sleep beneath
the golden hill ♪
♪ You who wish to conquer pain ♪
♪ You must learn Learn
to serve me well ♪
♪ You strike my
side by accident ♪
♪ As you go down for your gold ♪
♪ The cripple here That
you clothe and feed ♪
♪ Is neither starved nor cold ♪
♪ He does not ask
for your company ♪
♪ Not at the center The
center of the world ♪
♪ When I am on a pedestal ♪
♪ You did not raise me there ♪
♪ Your laws do not compel me ♪
♪ To kneel grotesque and bare ♪
♪ I myself am the pedestal ♪
♪ For this ugly hump
at which you stare ♪
-Did you find Sarah?
-[Jane] No.
-Well. tell me at least you have a lead.
-No.
[stammers] Hold on.
Frank. it's about Luke.
What about Luke?
We don't know where
he is. He left.
The school pulled CCTV footage.
and he ditched out with
Kira Moore after lunch.
Let's see if we can locate
his phone. all right.
I'm pulling up to the school to this
press conference thing right now.
-Okay. I'm on it.
-All right. [sighs]
[no audible dialogue]
♪ I have begun to long for you ♪
♪ I who have no greed ♪
♪ I have begun to ask for you ♪
♪ I who have no need ♪
♪ You say you've
gone away from me ♪
♪ But I can feel you
when you breathe ♪
We had an agreement.
No more secrets. You lied.
Frank. calm down.
You didn't think to show
me a picture of this guy?
I've seen his face. Sidney.
I could've identified him.
Maybe you didn't want me to.
-That's ridiculous.
-Maybe you know what he's doing.
-Maybe you know what he's planning.
-You're upset.
Hey. what do you know?
What do you know?
I know that right now Havlock's
out there executing a plan.
I know he's two steps ahead.
which puts us two miles behind.
-You're hiding something from me.
-[sighs]
Hmm?
All right. you tell me. Why is it you
wanna get to this guy before I do?
Why?
They're gonna kill him.
The CIA want me to bring him
home so they can execute him.
and when they're
finished with him.
they're gonna bury me too because
they think I'm a part of it.
So if I can get to Havlock first.
if I can deliver him to the FBI.
they can help me prove the truth.
and I can get my life back.
[sighs]
[chuckles] Fucking your life.
You can get your
life back. [chuckles]
We're gonna find her. Frank.
No. we are not
gonna do anything.
I told you.
if your secret put lives in danger.
you and I were gonna have a problem.
My best friend is dead.
my son is still missing. and
my wife has been taken...
-Frank. I get it. You're upset.
-Mr. Remnick!
Alaska is my jurisdiction.
Your turncoat is in my forest with my
wife endangering lives I swore to protect.
So I don't give a fuck if I have
to put that plane back together
one piece at a time.
I'm gonna find your guy and
whatever else it is you're hiding.
But you and I. we're done.
If you'll excuse me.
I have a press conference to
deliver and a manhunt to conduct.
[sighs]
-[Hutch] Frank.
-Yeah.
-We're dark.
-What does that mean?
We think we've lost
a base station.
Multiple providers. Internet
and cell service is all gone.
-[static on radio]
-[Havlock] Hey. Sid. You there?
Yeah. of course you're there.
Guess who?
Anyway. I'm safe and sound on
the ground already making plans.
But you know that.
don't you. Sid?
You know I'm not
calling to talk to you.
I'm calling to
talk to you. Frank.
I'm sorry to put you in
the middle of all this.
You see. Sidney and
I. we have a. uh...
How do I say it? Um.
a sordid history.
But there's plenty of
blame to go around.
Point is. I don't trust
anyone in the CIA.
But you're a Boy Scout
amongst thieves. Frank.
I trust you.
I trust you because I've spent
some time with your wife.
I like her.
That's why she's
still alive. Frank.
And because she's still alive. tucked
away safely. you're in my debt.
So I'm gonna be calling
in a few favors.
You're my. uh. conduit. Frank.
Gonna get to know each other
way better than we'd want.
And what we're
gonna do together.
it's gonna change the world.
[chattering on radio]